He has enough money to last forever. He knows he needs to keep moving. You'll never find him. He's out of the picture. I saved his life, I owed him that, but now he and I are done. Which is exactly what you wanted, isn't it. You've always struck me as a very pragmatic man so if I may, I would like to review options with you. Of which, it seems to me you have two.
Option A, you kill me right here and now. Apparently I've made that very easy for you. You can kill me, no witnesses and then spend the next few weeks or months tracking down Jesse Pinkman and you kill him too. A pointless exercise it seems to me but that is Option A.
I continue cooking, you and I both forget about Pinkman. We forget this ever happened. We consider this a lone hiccup in an otherwise long and fruitful business arrangement. I prefer Option B.
He'll live. I asked to see you in order to... clear the air. There are uh, some... issues that could cause a misunderstanding between us and I think it's in our best interest to lay the cards on the table. My brother-in-law, moments before he was attacked, someone called to warn him. I believe that same person was protecting me.
Those two men, the assassins. I believe I was their prime target, but that somehow they were steered away from me to my brother-in-law. Because of this 'intervention' I am alive. And yet, I think that this person was playing a much deeper game. He made that phone call because he wanted a shootout not a silent assassination.
In one stroke, he bloodied both sides - set the American and Mexican governments against the Cartel, and cut off the supply of methamphetamine to the southwest. If this man had his own source of product on this side of the border, he would have the market to himself. The rewards would be... enormous.
We're both adults. I can't pretend I don't know that person is you. I want there to be no confusion. I know I owe you my life. And more than that, I respect the strategy. In your position, I would have done the same. One issue, which troubles me, I don't know what happens when our three-month contract ends. You know why I do this. I want security for my family.
No speeches. Short speech. You lost your partner today. What's his name - Emilio? Emilio is going to prison. The DEA took all your money, your lab. You got nothing. Square one. But you know the business and I know the chemistry. I'm thinking... maybe you and I could partner up.
I'm sorry, what were you asking me? Oh, yes, that stupid plastic container I asked you to buy. You see, hydrofluoric acid won't eat through plastic. It will, however, dissolve metal, rock, glass, ceramic. So there's that. How about something with some protein, maybe? Something green, huh? How are you even alive?
That is seventeen five - your half of the thirty-five thousand. Plus there's an extra fifteen in there, it's all yours, you've earned it. We made a deal. That's right. Because I think that we can do business together - we came to an understanding. Take a look at the money in your hand. Now just imagine making that every week. That's right. Two pounds a week, thirty-five thousand a pound.
Who are you talking to right now? Who is it you think you see? Do you know how much I make a year? I mean, even if I told you, you wouldn't believe it. Do you know what would happen if I suddenly decided to stop going into work?
A business big enough that it could be listed on the NASDAQ goes belly up. Disappears! It ceases to exist without me. No, you clearly don't know who you're talking to, so let me clue you in. I am not in danger, Skyler. I AM the danger! A guy opens his door and gets shot and you think that of me? No. I am the one who knocks!